***Geting data from an API***

We'll use ```requests.get()``` to query the Yelp Business Search API.


```requests.get()``` needs a URL to get data from. 


The Yelp API also needs search parameters and authorization headers passed to the params and headers keyword arguments, respectively.
We'll need to extract the data from the response with its ```json()``` method, and pass it to pandas's ```DataFrame()``` function to make a dataframe.
The necessary data is under the dictionary key.


pandas (as pd) and requests have been loaded. Authorization data is in the dictionary headers, and the needed API parameters are stored as params.

Formatting parameters to get the data we need is an integral part of working with APIs. These parameters can be passed to the get() function's params keyword argument as a dictionary.

The Yelp API requires the location parameter be set. It also lets users supply a term to search for. We'll use these parameters to get data, then process the result to create a dataframe.

The API endpoint is stored in the variable api_url.

Authorization data is stored in the dictionary headers.

***Set request headers***

Many APIs require users provide an API key, obtained by registering for the service. Keys typically are passed in the request header, rather than as parameters.

The Yelp API documentation says "To authenticate API calls with the API Key, set the Authorization HTTP header value as Bearer API_KEY."

We'll set up a dictionary to pass this information to get(), call the API, and parse the response.


***Flatten nested JSONs***

A feature of JSON data is that it can be nested: an attribute's value can consist of attribute-value pairs. This nested data is more useful unpacked, or flattened, into its own dataframe columns. The ```pandas.io.json``` submodule has a function, ```json_normalize()```.

The Yelp API response data is nested. 



