---
title: "Welcome to my Blog 
This is my First Post"
date: 2023-01-23
---
Language

PYTHON

Python is a well-known programming language that is widely used in the software industry. It is used to create software, automate operations, and provide data analysis and visualization. Python can be utilized in data analysis and machine learning; it can be used to produce data visualizations, design machine learning algorithms, modify and analyze data. Examples include bar graphs, pie charts, box plots, and so forth. Python is also utilized as back end development for websites to submit data or to obtain data from servers to users and vice versa. It has excellent frameworks for web development. It can be advantageous for backend developers such as DevOps, Python developers, full-stack developers, and software engineers to leverage frameworks such as flask and Django. It is widely used because it has simple syntax, easy to write and understand, and to build the projects faster and improve them by coding. Beginner's can learn easily, and also it is open source ; everyone can use. Python has Robust number of modules and libraries that can be used in development process for programmers. However, it is easy to learn, working on python can lead the user to build major projects by using packages and libraries which are avaliable.

Justification

As I choose to specialize and advance my profession in data engineering technology, one must be familiar with the sequal query language, commonly known as sql, big data, and python. By adopting this technology, I've already began working on my SQL abilities and big data, as well as learning the Python programming language, which I've never used before. I'll be able to develop my python skills and advance in my data engineering career. By learing data engineering with python i'll be able to work with Shell, Scala and also to create data engineering pipelines, automate file system tasks, and building high-performace databases. And also i can modify the data and cofigure to run data pipelines. By choosing Python as programming language i can justify that i will learn alot, which can be helpful to my carrer.
