***Importing Data From Excel Files***

In the last blog i have mentioned how to read csv files(aka flatflies) and how to handle the missing data using pandas library. 
Likewise, in this blog i would like to explain how the spreadsheets(aka excel sheets) are read and how to handle them using pandas.
As we know that excel file data, are in which contain tabular format having rows and columns and having formulas.

***Loading Excelsheet using pandas***

same as csv file excel sheets can aslo be loaded with function in pandas ```read_excel('filename')```

***<a href="https://github.com/SaiMedipally/Software-Engineering/blob/main/Codes/Excel_load"> Load_Excel </a>***

We can also use skiprows to specifty rows to skip and usecols to choose column name, positional number or letter("A:F") 

***Getting data from multiple worksheets***


By using ```read_excel('filename')``` by default it loads the first excel sheet. To load other sheets we need to use ```sheet_name``` keyword.
We can also specify the sheets we need to load by using the sheet name or position number of the sheet.By using this method we can load multiple sheets at a time.


**Example : pd.read_excel('file_name', sheet_name=3(or 'name')) in this example, by passing 3 we are loading the third excel sheet.**

To load all sheets once at a time we can use ```sheet_name = None``` this will load each and every single sheet in the excel file.
<a href="https://github.com/SaiMedipally/Software-Engineering/blob/main/Codes/Excel_load"> code </a>


***Booleans Data with pandas***


By default pandas load the boolean data(True/False) as float values. Boolean columns can only have True or False values, N/A(missing data) values in the data set are changed to True when we read the data set using pandas. 
Pandas automatically recognizne True/False in boolean columns, unrecognized values are changed to True.
By default if the values are changed to True or False then what if the values are incorrectly changed and we can the exact values in future?
This can be problem, to avoid this we can handle these values by using ```true_values``` argument to set custom true values and ```false_values``` argument set as false value to <a href="https://github.com/SaiMedipally/Software-Engineering/blob/main/Codes/Boolean" > read_excel('filename')</a>.


```true_values =["Yes"] , false_values=["No"]``` 



