While searching for places to learn Python on Google and reading various articles, I discovered a website called <a href="https://app.datacamp.com/learn">,
 **DATACAMP**</a> which is a paid website where we may learn many sorts of programming languages of our choice.
We can study on this website, and there are also practice questions where we may learn about the topic and practice right away. I believed that learning the tpoic and immediate practice would help.
As I am interested in becoming a Data Engineer, there is a course called Data Engineer with Python that has 21 modules that will teach me how to work as a data engineer using Python.


***Learning Streamlined Data Ingestion with pandas***

### Importing Data from Flat Files
 
Importing Data from Flat Files enables us to construct pipelines for importing data stored in popular storage formats. We will use pandas, a famous Python analytics tool, to collect data from a number of sources, including spreadsheets of survey responses.
Flat Files are easy to produce with no formatting, one row per line and most common flatfiles are CSV(comma-separated values) files.


```pandas function to read CSV file is : read_csv(file_name)```


<a href="https://github.com/SaiMedipally/Software-Engineering/blob/main/Codes/csvfile_example"> Examplecode to read csv _file.</a>

We can also modify the flat file imports using pandas keyword arguments 
``` usecols```
it accepts the column names as well as column numbers.
```usecols=cols_names , usecols=cols_nums```


<a href="https://github.com/SaiMedipally/Software-Engineering/blob/main/Codes/cols_names"> Dataframe modification column names using pandas keywords</a>


### Handling errors and missing data

While importing the datafile there can be missing values or NA, so we can handle these missing values and assign temporary values using pandas.
we can check if there are missing values in the dataset by using ```print(file_name.dtypes)```
Some columns datatypes can be different, we can check these datatypes using dtype keyword. 
To remove missing values we use ```na_values``` keyword argument.
The syntax to replace missing values 


``` datafile = pd.read_csv("file_name",na_values={"zipcode":0}) print(datafile[datafile.zipcode.isna()])```



From above code if zipcode values is 0 then by using ```isna()``` keyword the values which are 0 will be replaced by NaN.












